Hide/Unhide themes documented (#303)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/themes/manage_themes.rst

.. vale off

Hiding a Theme
**************

.. vale on

Users can't remove default Themes, but they can hide them from the list of Themes in the Email and Landing Page builders.

To hide a Theme:

1. Log in to Mautic.

2. Click the **Settings** icon.

3. Click **Themes**.

4. In the Themes section, locate the Theme that you want to hide.

5. Select the drop-down before the Theme, and click **Hide**.

6. Mautic moves the Theme to the bottom of the table and show it in grey, which hides it within builders.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

```

> 6. Mautic moves the Theme to the bottom of the table and show it in grey. This means the Theme is hidden in the builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Mautic moves the Theme to the bottom of the table and show it in grey, which hides it within builders.
```

Vale fix

To revert this change open the context menu of the hidden Theme and click **Unhide**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale on

```

> To revert this change open the context menu of the hidden Theme and click **Unhide**.

Reviewer: This should really be 'reveal' or something like that - unhide isn't really a great term to use. Is this something we have in Core already @escopecz ? If so we can wrap this line in a vale off/on statement.

Author: Yes, it's in the core already

Reviewer: Yep, made the PR to address that :)
